Projects/2-Mod-Jam/frogfrogfrog/README.md, before:

# Frogfrogfrog

A game about catching flies.

[Play it!](https://naw-r.github.io/CART-253/Projects/2-Mod-Jam/frogfrogfrog/)

- [Ideas](./ideas.md)
- [Planning](./planning.md)
- [Pseudocode](./pseudocode.md)

# Objectives

Building strength with the basics of JavaScript, particularly variables, conditionals, and events
Developing a sense of how a more complex program works and how to make changes to it systematically
Finding surprising ways to change a conventional design through programming specifically

# Brief

Starting with the Frogfrogfrog Project, the following features were added:

- **Sound Effects:** Background music, frog sound, buzzing sound, and power-up sounds enhance the experience.
- **Scoring System:** Tracks the player's progress with a goal of catching 10 flies.
- **Game States:** Intro, playing, win, and loss screens for a structured flow.
- **Timer:** A 40-second countdown adds urgency to the gameplay.
- **Difficulty Adjustment:** Fly speed increases every 3 flies to increase challenge.
- **Moving Clouds:** Animated clouds in the background for visual appeal.
- **Keyboard Controls:** Frog movement with arrow keys and A/D keys; tongue launch with the spacebar.
- **Mouse Control Tracking:** Added logic to track recent mouse movement for smoother interaction.
- **Particles System:** Created a particle explosion effect when a fly is caught to enhance visual feedback.
- **Restart Button:** Added a restart button to allow players to easily restart the game from the win or loss screens.
- **Instructions Screen:** Added an instructions menu to guide players through the gameplay.
- **Start Button:** Introduced a start button on the intro and instructions screens to smoothly begin the game.

Commit message:

Fixed Buzz sound that won't stop even when game is over and Updated comments and ReadMe.md

Projects/2-Mod-Jam/frogfrogfrog/README.md, after:

# Frogfrogfrog

A game about catching flies.

[Play it!](https://naw-r.github.io/CART-253/Projects/2-Mod-Jam/frogfrogfrog/)

- [Ideas](./ideas.md)
- [Planning](./planning.md)
- [Pseudocode](./pseudocode.md)

# Objectives

Building strength with the basics of JavaScript, particularly variables, conditionals, and events
Developing a sense of how a more complex program works and how to make changes to it systematically
Finding surprising ways to change a conventional design through programming specifically

# Brief

Starting with the Frogfrogfrog Project, the following features were added:

- **Sound Effects:** Background music, frog sound, buzzing sound, and power-up sounds enhance the experience.
- **Scoring System:** Score increases when a Good fly is caught and decreases when a Bad fly is caught.
- **Game States:** Intro, playing, win, and loss screens for a structured flow.
- **Timer:** A 40-second countdown adds urgency to the gameplay.
- **Difficulty Adjustment:** Fly speed increases every 3 flies to increase challenge.
- **Moving Clouds:** Animated clouds in the background for visual appeal.
- **Keyboard Controls:** Frog movement with arrow keys and A/D keys; tongue launch with the spacebar.
- **Mouse Control Tracking:** Added logic to track recent mouse movement for smoother interaction.
- **Particles System:** Created a particle explosion effect when a fly is caught to enhance visual feedback.
- **Restart Button:** Added a restart button to allow players to easily restart the game from the win or loss screens.
- **Instructions Screen:** Added an instructions menu to guide players through the gameplay.
- **Start Button:** Introduced a start button on the intro and instructions screens to smoothly begin the game.
- **Bad Fly Mechanic:** Introduced a new Bad fly character with increased size, distinct red body, and behavior to deduct points.
